Dwight down
what's with the jeans so speaking of the
king of improv there's a new um Steven
Seagal trailer you're kidding no didn't
we just see it a new Steven Seagal
trailer the answer to that would be oh
yes but I mean I am the king of improv
or forgive my saying so naturally
naturally this is such a piece of shit
that I'm about to show you and again if
you're listening to the show I encourage
you to look it up but you can also watch
it with us you can go to our YouTube
channel we are on YouTube we're watching
this on a monitor that you can see with
us this trailer is called the Asian
connection it's brand new
okay the Asian isn't that like a it's a
pretty common title like the Asian
connect the European well the French
invasion is a very very famous movie
okay suppose it really went out on a
limb to find something else there yet
well this must be a play on that film
yes that's an exceptional film if you
haven't seen in Israel you don't think
this is going to be exceptional type
seen this and this is a fucking dog turd
I mean okay last one was like the
remember of the Iraqi Afghanistan wanted
that day I do shot in Calabasas and this
one man well the premise of that film
was just shoot shoot shoot bang bang
Steven Seagal kills people and yes so
what do you think this one's gonna be
there's a lot a lot of him but that he
holds up to his improv I think in the in
the trailer you go he improvised that
yeah I think there's a lot of in problem
okay yeah so see it just went up the
first hole not down to the other one the
etiquette yeah I get your asshole snip
em
I do okay let's um let's run through
this room I'm really excited okay here
we go on Jesus Christ
let's go not enough room for the boss
Thomas that means one of us has to so
he's standing still the other guy is
doing all the work it's just you can't
yes he he fights yeah
totally still they also they make sure
to shoot it where you don't see how fat
he is of course now and that is very
believe me old black guy makes sure that
he's just like shoot from the ceiling
and cut around me yeah that and the fat
the trannys guy outfit he's wearing what
does that called Aggie I don't know well
this is very forgiving this outfit is
basically pajamas thick yeah heavy it
covers the flaw yeah and it's all black
the medallion I don't know he's got he's
got on his head his his range glasses
his gun range glasses yellowed sure
blacker than black eye for the goatee
head wrap covering up yeah the jet black
- hair on that
well that means one of us has to die so
there's the premise of the film is that
he's gonna kill people yeah enough room
for the both of us
that means one of us has to die
you're out of practice my friend he's
from the crazy loge school of fighting
oh he is from the yeah the same but you
know Sam these titles look better than
the other yummy though Kevin C gal paid
for the title now what a point
absolutely said Michael Jai White is in
there okay okay okay all right um and
show Jack Boone Tatanka Kaka you know
that why you wanted that guys this is
this ed pampu bear
Pooh Bear dad the Michael Jai White went
in there no Otis okay
telling Harry yeah I don't know why I
can't okay or 60 press Mills no they're
right no getting to know Kimmy maybe
it's not on here
Lionel hmm make a branch and get on make
a bread get over it
okay all right um all right well anyways
make note of Michael Jai White okay
Michael Jai will be friends if you don't
freakin
we're good we're good we'll get it go
also yeah for a trailer yeah the pacing
on this thing is so fucking yeah like
it's an action trailer right so it
should be it's a robbery
cut to bambam money yeah I guess let's
go we don't even know like walking in
we're gonna take everything now shoot
shoot shoot
show them going into the room grabbing
the bag rug no it's is this the bank
yeah look it's a four and a half it's
two or minute 12 second train how long
should a trailer be nineteen ninety
seconds nine jalebi the standard and
then long trailers are considered two
minutes maybe a little over two minutes
that's a long trailer yeah this is this
you sees 30-second trailers sometimes
this is cuz and you know why it's
because Steven Seagal himself
self-indulgent yes and he's standing
behind the editor at the Edit Bay going
oh no you got to put in there longer you
got to put me in doing this and that
whatever did a shot of me yes
standing there yeah we didn't think that
would know I said put it fucking in yeah
all right Steven thinks that he's the
director I guarantee that's why oh yeah
yeah yeah yeah you know what people like
to see what's happening in the movie um
so look this is just getting started men
yeah who the fuck are these guys who
cares that is why you don't have to work
at the club anymore this is see that
could have been quick beat yeah robbery
don't ask me where how why because
we get it
I bet can see how it shows how he's
shining like the Buddha he's always like
but it showed them why not her have you
just cut - yes
you don't need in the trailer to
establish how you need that in the movie
a movie we need to see where are we for
context but trailer he was cut to his
line and usually they tell you where
you're located they would say Vietnam or
whatever we're shooting this yeah your
money was robbed they got away with
about two hundred thousand US dollars
aren't you the motherfucker who told me
that that's the safest place to put my
money Wow mf'er in the trailer you the
motherfucker the totally hey he put a
little hot sauce on he did yeah and he
did eyebrow acting aren't you aren't you
watch it mother didn't say aren't you
the motherfucker is it aren't you the
motherfucker
yeah aren't you the motherfucker that
told me to pay yeah he put some swag on
it me the bestest ages placed upon my
money bottom you the motherfucker that
told me the best to save is poisoning
aren't you the motherfucker that told me
that that's the safest place to go mama
cause ridiculous stories about how easy
it's gonna be I just want fucking
missiles two fucks yeah and the sound
mixing you know where you can barely
hear him talking as the that angelic
singing background over this so they're
three of them are mixed together
horrible I just want to see fucking
results this is a new level for him this
is usually you see actors doing stuff
like this
once their full-blown alcoholic see
right and they had a career like 30
years right and they do the
straight-to-dvd thing and it's right
this is his Gerard Depardieu my god yeah
he's at the end it was the fucking
result fucking result and they're like
Steve I don't know if we should
Korean much shit the photo bottom we
hearing stories about how easy it's
gonna be I just want cooking
it's better
I'm going to give you the names on the
banks in Cambodia given around
for my service
50% of the
it makes no sense that's a weird moment
- I'm gonna tell you yeah we're to rob
banks and he just went to Stephen a beat
before and was like my banks are being
robbed yeah and then I his fee for
telling the guy where to rob as 50% so
he's robbing his own banks but the nice
having steven seagal find out who's
robbing the banks I don't know
thank you see me like this greedy I want
to buy some heat heat that's Michael Jai
Alai guns man
man
yeah you know I like you jack
hoping I get it oh yeah
another friend
the guard was killed what are you gettin
soft Miren the guard up oh did you see
that there's a little sexy playful time
and I think that's the girl that's
dating the bank robber right that was
the girl now she's dating Steven Seagal
who you know knows a lot of special
sexual techniques of course I think he's
study all the eastern of lovemaking I
think he's like well you need to go my
hands she's gonna come out of butt hole
for sure okay you ever come from your
butt Oh miss do you got can make it come
from you but I'll fuck you real good
geez yeah-heh-ye-yeahhh the sunglasses
awesome you're gonna paint a brown with
all that buster geez I think he's
definitely to go with you today okay you
know what we should do I'll write down
for later but oh oh yeah I want to talk
a little bit about the white tigers
practices because in this DVD we're
using some of the techniques from that
practice this is a white tigers for
about a year okay and one of the
premises and there's a lot to the
practice was a lot it's a lot to buy bet
he knows all on your face he knows about
white tigress practice I bet he does I
love that scene that's such a it's such
a typical scene from an action film
where the he's training in gongfu he's
training a girl or the two of them are
training it's like the matrix does it
it's The Karate Kid moment the mr.
Miyagi Gomez the mentor moon yeah it's
so awful
this was shot no sense this is how this
went they said we have an idea for a
movie
and we want you to be in a Steven well
tell me about it yeah well you're gonna
be this badass you're gonna kill the
other boss and you're gonna make this
girl come out of her butt and you're
gonna you know all this crazy listen
music I like it
problem is all we have right now are
iPhones to shoot it on he goes it's not
a problem and they go you sure don't
mind well the thing is we need to raise
financing to make this movie I'll pay
for it
no shit I'll give you thousand dollars
and then they're like okay that's enough
to buy chargers for all the iPhones that
made this film and then to edit it in
iMovie comes with your by your with your
fucking iPhone nailed it and then
they're like you know I think we have
enough money to make this movie now he's
like make the fucking movie
a lot of missed shots um Lana the
bullets are ricocheting off anything no
now am i hitting glass
no no terribly bad guys doing
I don't know these two are
imagine if they just if they played this
trailer on the radio like they play
movie trailers yeah and this would be
like what the fuck
bang bang bang bang and also when does
this ever end well ever ever it no this
is we're halfway through it and this is
the longest trailer of my life and not
only that usually when there's a
motorcycle scene they'll play the audio
just like the room room they're not they
didn't even bother putting the audio of
the motorcycle no going fast and they
use the same effect for the gun over so
yeah the gun that's all yeah
well then he pulls out a handgun that
guy who the fuck is this guy I don't
know athlete like just run on that
building and jump off it
there it is there it is finally hey for
that was hey this fucking trip
what Wyatt by tomorrow I'm not gonna
spend the rest of my he said I want his
fucking head uh in this tray by tomorrow
you can actually hear him saying that I
couldn't hear cuz the audio was all cuz
a mix pork is really cool do you look at
the eyebrows look at him look at him
crazy and his eyes are so bloated shut
you can barely see the eyes look he's
such a bloated salty mess and we're
rolling where my hello sunglasses
somebody got even sunglasses how drunk
was he the night before and who's eating
up lines of shit go back this is is
fucked
look how black it is look so dark
fucking trail by tomorrow
I'm not gonna spend the rest of my life
looking over my shoulder nearing yeah I
don't even want to know how the same
look well why because there's a fucking
minute and a half to go
wait look how bad that is you know it's
like splatter paint oh I gave you a
thousand bucks
good catch up on the crafty tall this is
the guy that was just on the telephone
do you only reason I know that is cuz of
the tattoo he was on the phone I think
that's the guy that was just saying I
don't want to look over my back near in
look if you throw some hot coffee on Oh
blood he'll be a pain I kill a dead fuck
listen to me I've made 55,000 movies
he's a piece of shit
whoa wait what's gonna happen I don't
want to know it's so upsetting
can we just forward a little I got a no
you can put it together this mystery
alright sure here I'm gonna jump ahead
yeah we're at 248 I'm gonna jump all the
way one minute ahead okay this isn't the
subtlety Downton Abbey zhis full minute
ahead what happens a minute later okay
something crazy
I'm she's happening exact same shit he's
wearing black sunglasses indoors
this is terrible this is soap why is he
of this bandana I know right I'm the
king of wardrobe same outfit every
single
bang all the big bang they save the
money for that coming soon just soonish
I don't never know we're done editing on
the MacBook